replaces instances of VMware datacenter with two words (#78317)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/capi-yaml-machine-template-vsphere.adoc

+
When using the `linkedClone` type, the disk size matches the clone source instead of using the `diskGiB` value.
For more information, see the {vmw-short} documentation about VM clone types.
<7> Specify the vCenter data center to deploy the compute machine set on.

> <8> Specify the vCenter datastore to deploy the compute machine set on.

Reviewer: ISG uses "data store", but our doc seem to prefer "datastore". Shrug.

```suggestion
<8> Specify the vCenter data store to deploy the compute machine set on.
```

Author: this is specifically for VMware, and they have "[datastore](https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/7.0/com.vmware.vsphere.storage.doc/GUID-D5AB2BAD-C69A-4B8D-B468-25D86B8D39CE.html)" as a single word. I agree elsewhere/generically it should be two words though
